Victor re he's been a customer Mars for
many years now I bond for cards from us
and his recent purchase list e-40 a
Forte I just want to know how was your
experience dealing with lightning storm
and that's the best experience i had to
thank you
salesperson Hospitality's great here's
the bell members is grateful problems
will automatically it houses the
experience dealing with your salesperson
environment here the environments great
salesperson too friendly I don't see
anybody pushing you they're just asking
questions what is to do with the car for
giving your answer they just to you
right there Russian and now it's been
your experience now you've driven the
soul and now you have the kia forte I
know that your wife has sport I've
corrected all my white classic soul as a
soldier the whole time was running how
has it been in the brand grant me I
compare those with any other courage you
want sometimes even better I've never
had any problems any vehicle be the
company's right it's over for your buck
I mean can't go wrong myself personally
only for I've never had any problems and
the factory of my doing really best guy
you might so overall we hope we see you
at the monkey continuing our
relationship with us to a potential
buyer what would you say to him myself
over the past few years they could be
our last question where'd you buy this
what
we've told them in water for our our
vehicles now we set them up here whether
they came up your first car and I don't
know but everybody ask now is Senator
this this specific location to
investigate so we thank you for your
visit we look forward to continuing our
relationship you will do you feeling
that's capsule thank you guys